[move reference] Review new docs (#35)
MystenLabs/move-book: reference/src/unit-testing.md

Unit testing for Move uses three annotations in the Move source language:

- `#[test]`,
- `#[expected_failure]`, and
- `#[test_only]`

They respectively mark a function as a test, mark that a test is expected to fail, and mark a module
or module member ([`use`](./uses.md), [function](./functions.md), [struct](./structs.md), or
[constant](./constants.md)) as code to be included for testing only. These annotations can be placed
on a function with any visibility. Whenever a module or module member is annotated as `#[test_only]`

> or `#[test]`, it will not be included in the compiled bytecode unless it is compiled for testing.

Reviewer: Revision proposal:
```
- `#[test]` -- marks a function as a test;
- `#[expected_failure]` -- marks that a test is expected to fail;
- `#[test_only]` -- marks a module or module member ([`use`](./uses.md), [function](./functions.md),
  [struct](./structs.md), or [constant](./constants.md)) as code to be included for testing only.

These annotations can be placed on any appropriate form with any visibility. Whenever a module or
module member is annotated as `#[test_only]` or `#[test]`, it will not be included in the compiled
bytecode unless it is compiled for testing.
```

public fun test_will_error_and_pass_abort_code() { abort ENotFound }

#[test] // Will fail since test fails with a different error than expected.
#[expected_failure(abort_code = my_module::ENotFound)]
public fun test_will_error_and_fail() { 1/0; }

#[test, expected_failure] // Can have multiple in one attribute. This test will pass.
public fun this_other_test_will_abort_and_pass() { abort 1 }
```

> **NOTE**: `#[test]` and `#[test_only]` functions can also call
> [`entry`](./functions.md#entry-modifier) functions, regardless of their visibility.

Reviewer: As block test?

```suggestion
> **Note**: `#[test]` and `#[test_only]` functions can also call
> [`entry`](./functions.md#entry-modifier) functions, regardless of their visibility.
```

## Expected Failures

There are a number of different ways that you can use the `#[expected_failure]` annotation to
specify different types of error conditions. These are:

### 1. `#[expected_failure(abort_code = <constant>)]`

This will pass if the test aborts with the specified constant value in the module that defines the
constant and fail otherwise. This is the recommended way of testing for expected test failures.

> **NOTE**: You can reference constants outside of the current module or package in `expected_failure`
> annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: You can reference constants outside of the current module or package in `expected_failure`
> annotations.
```

### 4. `#[expected_failure(vector_error, minor_status = <u64_opt>, location = <location>)]`

This specifies that the test is expected to fail with a vector error at the specified location and

> with the given `minor_status` if provided. The `<location>` must be a valid path to a module

Reviewer: ```
This specifies that the test is expected to fail with a vector error at the specified location with the given `minor_status` (if provided). The `<location>` must be a valid path to a module
```

location, e.g., `Self`, or `my_package::my_module`. The `<u64_opt>` is an optional parameter that
specifies the minor status of the vector error. If it is not specified, the test will pass if the
test fails with any minor status. If it is specified, the test will only pass if the test fails with
a vector error with the specified minor status.

```move
module pkg_addr::other_module {
    public fun vector_borrow_empty() {

>         vector::borrow(&vector<u64>[], 1);

Reviewer: Maybe this?
```suggestion
        &vector<u64>[][1];
```

    #[test]
    #[expected_failure(vector_error, minor_status = 0, location = Self)]
    fun vector_abort_wrong_minor_code() {
        vector::borrow(&vector<u64>[], 1);
    }
}
```

### 5. `#[expected_failure]`

> This will pass if the test aborts with any error code. Because of this you should be incredibly
> careful using this way of annotating expected tests failures, and instead prefer one of the ways
> described above instead. Examples of these types of annotations are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will pass if the test aborts with _any_ error code. You should be incredibly
careful using this to annotate expected tests failures, and always prefer one of the ways
described above instead. Examples of these types of annotations are:
```

fun test_will_arith_error_and_pass2() { 1/0; }
```

## Test Only Annotations

A module and any of its members can be declared as test only. If an item is annotated as
`#[test_only]` the item will only be included in the compiled Move bytecode when compiled in test
mode. Additionally, when compiled outside of test mode, any non-test `use`s of a `#[test_only]`
module will raise an error during compilation.

> **NOTE**: functions that are annotated with `#[test_only]` will only be available to be called from
> test code, but they themselves are not tests and will not be run as tests by the unit testing
> framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: functions that are annotated with `#[test_only]` will only be available to be called from
> test code, but they themselves are not tests and will not be run as tests by the unit testing
> framework.
```

location of the failure along with the function name that caused the failure will be reported if
possible. You can see an example of this below.

A test will be marked as timing out if it exceeds the maximum number of instructions that can be
executed for any single test. This bound can be changed using the options below. Additionally, while
the result of a test is always deterministic, tests are run in parallel by default, so the ordering
of test results in a test run is non-deterministic unless running with only one thread (see

> `OPTIONS` below on how to do this).

Reviewer: Not sure what this means / refers to
